whatever you too distant stupidly tech
here with the ZTE warp from boost mobile
I'm just going to do a full hands on
review with they're gonna show you some
of the features and stuff first things
first I'm gonna go to my which Michalek
go to i'm messaging one thing i like
about the messaging is the keyboard it's
really bright white and I kind of missed
the older keyboards like black and stuff
you can get the older keyboard by using
the android keyboard instead of the
swype keyboard on this phone it's not
called swype is called 90 x and also the
home and menu button on the very bottom
of the four buttons has changed spots
they're not the same and the only way to
get them light up is if you hold the top
piece or if it's dark enough they'll
light up for you but they will not light
up if it's too bright outside and I
manage the gig don't want you to finally
work for the phone and this is why my
phone looks different from yours its not
rooted just let you know just the app
that makes it look like this i'm going
to show you the game speed how well
could play a game i'm going to show you
just to preview the game gonna do a
wind-up knight it's a pretty big game is
bigger than angry birds when it comes to
running and stuff i'm going to show you
the preview since i have a play date yet
on this phone just going to get right
into it
if you watch the game progress you can
see that it's not lighting up or
anything this phone also has boost
mobile's far most advanced task killer
it's way easier to kill tasks and stuff
I gotta do just go to apps right there
I'm not gonna click on it but you see
how it can get a playing a game it took
it all to the max for the I'm usage and
I must have closed it off using
something called task killer from go
watch sure that kills everything
basically except for the main running
processors and you guys see how much it
changes in just a second takes a few
taps and give it a second it and it's
going to change up everything as you see
now everything is balanced against
nothing's going almost not flowing too
hard now
aside from the keyboard being way too
bright white it's the best swiping
keyboard out of all the androids but
let's check out the internet you see I
fast loader boost mobile com which is a
fairly big site I almost got max bars
but usually I have no bars where i live
at so I'm taking the video from and a
little different site like YouTube real
quick and see how fast that loads up see
that's going pretty slow up with yeah I
have no bars and it still ended up
pretty quickly it took me to my inbox
cus what I favorite as but other than
that it loads up actually pretty fast
from people switching from the prevail
or to transform you're going to like how
big the screen is it's almost as big as
the older HTC phones if you want to
compare it to that I'm going to compare
the size to a calculator real quick as
it's almost as long as a calculator
that's a fairly big screen and let's
compare how tall it is pretty much the
same height well the plastic outer shell
for the calculator and the phone are
this phone it cannot web chat but you
can get an application that will allow
it to web chat using this camera this
way there's an application you can do it
with I forgot what it's called but
allows it to happen also if you use the
widget called the power bar the one that
looks like a micro SD card that's
actually your 3g network eternal i'm not
from there instead of going into your
settings to do to turn it on and off and
music on this phone pretty good it's not
as well to prevail but it does the job
the battery doesn't die as fast as the
other phones do I get that credit and um
if you get the gold on traffic into cool
cool things like that when I'm doing at
the phone right now with different
scroll settings and stuff
and again with the texting and you can
easily change your settings for it I
just said hi I like to swipe on this
phone better than the transform and the
prevalence is it just like that too much
this phone is not as lacking when it
come to swiping and that's my thing
swiping also works in landscape mode for
swype to just wanted to mention that and
and there's a lot of antennas on the
phone of the main receiving antenna is
on the bottom of the phone by the
speaker if you're going to tether your
phone make sure you put the phone we
have your best single and put it upside
down so the antenna is facing up high so
you can get better signal the camera is
a 5 megapixel or 4.5 whatever one it is
actually one of those ones it varies off
video recording capabilities and picture
quality that's pretty good it has flash
automatic flash depending on the
lighting at you can also change the
lighting of the camera but as little
swipe setting on the thing camera takes
a little while to load up but it also
responds pretty fairly well and the
agile Marquis is actually way faster
than on any of the other previous boost
phones and also this phone is capable to
flash the sprint if you wanted to do
that
and that is my review of the ZTE Warp I
have to do a couple more videos about
this phone I'm gonna really show you
what it's really about what it can
really do after I get some more things
install them to the phone but after that
rate comment and subscribe to pathetic